docs(agentic-orchestration): add agent health and guardrails content (#9450)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/agentic-orchestration/agent-health-and-limits.md

| State          | Entered when                                                                                             | Moves to                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Initializing   | An agent element is activated and no reusable agent instance exists yet, or a new one is created.        | Tool discovery, once the agent instance is set up.                                                                                                     |
| Tool discovery | The agent instance resolves the tools available to it.                                                   | Thinking, once tool definitions are resolved.                                                                                                          |

> | Thinking       | The agent instance is ready to reason over the current conversation.                                     | Tool calling, if the model selects one or more tools. Idle or Completed, if the model returns a final response.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Thinking       | The agent instance is reasoning over the current conversation.                                     | Tool calling, if the model selects one or more tools. Idle or Completed, if the model returns a final response.                                        |
```

🔧 Small detail and I might be wrong here. But isn't it only starting `THINKING` when the LLM is actually being called, not when it is ready to call the LLM. Maybe there isn't really a difference...

### Tool call count

Camunda counts the number of tool calls the agent instance has made across all loops. A climbing tool call count generally reflects active work, but a count that climbs while the agent calls the same tool repeatedly with similar or identical inputs can indicate the agent is stuck rather than progressing.

### Execution duration

Camunda tracks how long the agent instance has been active, both across its full run and in its current state. A model or tool call that takes far longer than comparable calls, without a change in state, is a sign the agent isn't progressing normally.

### Model call limit

The **Maximum model calls** setting is the primary guardrail against runaway loops and unexpected cost. It limits how many times an agent instance can call the model, and defaults to `10` if you don't configure it. Camunda tracks model calls made against this configured limit, so you can see how close an agent instance is to its guardrail.

> When an agent instance reaches its configured limit, the AI Agent connector throws a `MAXIMUM_NUMBER_OF_MODEL_CALLS_REACHED` error. You can catch this error with an error boundary event and an [error expression](/components/connectors/use-connectors/index.md#error-expression) to handle it explicitly, for example by routing to a human reviewer instead of failing the process instance.

Reviewer: 🔧 This partially duplicates "Interpret guardrail proximity warnings" from the other guide a bit. Should it rather reference that section instead?

Author: Good catch. Removed the duplication: the Model call limit section now points to [interpret limit proximity warnings](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/blob/docs-agent-health-guardrails/docs/components/agentic-orchestration/evaluate-agents/detect-off-rail-agents.md#interpret-limit-proximity-warnings) instead of restating how proximity tracking works. Fixed in the latest commit.

Author: Good point! Updated
